fuck, i don't give a fuck about you, fuck, listen, what kind of car you have there, fucking apartments, assholes,
there's fucking yachts, everything, i don't give a fuck, there's even a bentley, even a fucking maybach, even a
rolls-royce, even a fucking bugatti, even a hundred-meter yacht, i don't give a shit about it, you know? how many
people are you fucking there, what kind of women, which means these gorgeous or satin females, fucking, you're 
flying into space, i don't give a shit about it, you know? i'm so fucking full of my knowledge that it's like i've
been living on trillions and trillions of the same fucking planets for a hundred trillion billion years, you know,
like this earth, this world is absolutely clear to me, and i'm looking for only one fucking thing here – peace,
pacification and this harmony from merging with the infinitely eternal, from contemplating that great fractal 
similarity and from this wonderful unity of being, infinitely eternal, wherever you look, though deep – infinitely
small, though up – infinite big, do you understand? and you're back to me with your own, there, this... go fuss 
on, this is your distribution, this is your path and your horizon of knowledge, sensation and your nature, it is
disproportionately small compared to mine, do you understand? it's like i'm already a deep old man, an immortal,
or there's already an almost immortal who is on this planet from its very beginning... the origin, even when the
sun had just formed as a star, and this gas-dust cloud formed..., here, after the explosion of the sun, when it
flared up like a star, it began to form these coacervates, planets, you know? it's like i've been living on this
earth for almost five billion fucking years, and i already know it inside and out, this whole world, and you're
some kind of it to me there... i don't give a fuck about your cars, your fucking yachts, your apartments, there,
for your..., for your good. i was on this planet, so to speak, or on an infinite set and cooler than caesar, and
cooler than hitler, and cooler than all the greats, you know, was? and somewhere he was a complete shit, even
worse than here. i feel a lot of these states. somewhere i was more like a plant, somewhere more like a bird,
there, a worm, somewhere there was just a clot of stone, it's all a soul, you know? she, she, here, has facets
of similarity completely diverse, an infinite set. but you don't understand that, so you go fuck yourself. we
in this world, as it were, live on ra-, in ra-, with different feelings, different aspirations, respectively,
our place and our distribution are different. i wish you all the coolest cars that you have, and all the best
females to spread their legs in front of you, there, all their cracks are topsy-turvy, fucking, in front of
you, like a carpet, this is the same, revealed, molested, molested, and you fuck them until they turn blue, 
red, there, as the suns shine... like the setting sun, so that you can fly on the best yachts, on airplanes,
and finish right from the porthole, and everything that you can think of and not come. if there are not enough
ideas, contact me, i will tell you for each of your ideas hundreds of trillions more, how to do what. well, i
am everything, i go as a deep elder who has seen the eternal, touched the divine, has become godlike himself 
and aspires to this infinite, and who is in peace, peace, harmony, grace, in this innermost bliss, involved in
 everything and in everything, do you understand? that's all, that's our difference. so i go to admire the 
universe, and you go, some kind, to be filled with some facets, that's all the difference, you know? you don't
see this eternal infinite, you don't need it, but you are, so to speak, more active like this pecking woodpecker
or ant, which, here, is very active in its own, in its own path, that's all. so come on, our paths here, so to
speak, have, of course, facets of similarity, because everything is the same, but, ahem... you me... i understand
you perfectly, but you hardly understand me, because, as it were, i... you... as it were, i contain you in myself,
your whole nature, it makes up one small, there, grain of sand, from what is in me, that's all, so come on, go,
go, and i went for a while... enjoy a fucking beautiful autumn sunset, fucking, on the bank of a warm southern 
river. that's it, fuck it, furrow it, and i fucked up, fuck it.
